The Good News according to Jesus series is now available in JW Library.
See the Gospels come alive by viewing video clips as you study the Bible.
Want to learn how?
In the Library tab, go to convention releases and select day three.
There you'll find a new publication.
The Good News according to Jesus' Video Reference Guide.
Download this publication to see a scene by scene breakdown of each episode
and references to the verses on which each scene is based.
Once you've downloaded the Good News Video Reference Guide,
you can access video clips directly from your Bible in JW Library.
Tap on a verse.
Then tap on the Gem icon to see the study content for the verse,
including clips from the Good News series as they become available.
If supported on your device, use the Picture and Picture feature
to view the Bible and video at the same time.
Bring your Bible reading to life with these new features.